NMS-14337: Update Business Service Monitoring docs (#4763)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/bsm/root-cause-impact-analysis.adoc

[[gu-bsm-rc-imp-analysis]]
= Root Cause and Impact Analysis

> The root cause operation can be used to quickly identify the underlying reduction keys of edges that contribute to the current operational status of an element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the root cause operation to quickly identify the underlying reduction keys of edges that contribute to the current operational status of an element.
```

> The impact analysis operation, converse to the root cause operation, can be used to identify all of the business service affected by a given element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the impact analysis operation, converse to the root cause operation, to identify all of the business services affected by a given element.
```
Should this be plural?

> Both of these options are available in the context menu of the Topology User Interface when visualizing business service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of these options are available in the context menu of the Topology User Interface when visualizing business services.
```

The following example shows how to identify the root cause of the critical status of the hop service.

> Use the Context Menu on the business service to investigate the root cause shown in figure <<ug-bsm-example-rca-action, View before performing Root Cause Analysis>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Context Menu on the business service to investigate the root cause shown in figure <<ug-bsm-example-rca-action, View before Performing Root Cause Analysis>>.
```

[[ug-bsm-example-rca-action]]
.View before performing Root Cause Analysis
image::bsm/03_bsm-rca-action.png[]

> The Topology UI focues only on elements that are the reason for the operational status of the selected business service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Topology UI focuses only on elements that are the reason for the operational status of the selected business service.
```

> In figure <<ug-bsm-example-rca-results, View after performing Root Cause Analysis>> the Page Sequence Monitor which tests the user login is down and has set the business service to a critical status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In figure <<ug-bsm-example-rca-results, View after Performing Root Cause Analysis>> the Page Sequence Monitor which tests the user login is down and has set the business service to a critical status.
```
